## how to pass `Variables` Using `window` Object in Javascript

> use it like below
>
> when you have an script like in the `laravel blade` file , like `body.blade.php`
>
> you may have `Variables` in it like
>
> ```php
> {{URL::to('folan/Address')}}; // can be in an Ajax Operation
> ```
>
> in your ajax operations.
>
> but when you want to cut the whole code ( including the above `URL::to` ) if you put script on the other file it could not be proccessed by the `Larave` anymore and so you will get `Undefined` variable
>
> the solution is to use `window` object to pass this variable to it, like below :

```html
<htmL>
    <body>
        
    </body>
    <script>
    	window.myApp = window.myApp || {};
        window.myApp.myVariable = "{{URL::to('/folna/address')}}";
    </script>
    <script src="{{asset('js/landing_page.js')}}"></script>
</htmL>

// now in the `landing_page.js` we would have like below :
landing_page.js

var myVaribale = window.myApp.myVariable;
// and then use this Global variable in your landing_page.js codes :)
```

## AI Chatbot Description

`window.myApp` is an example of using the `window` object to store custom data that can be accessed globally across your entire web application. The `window` object in JavaScript represents the browser window that your script is running in and it is the global scope object for JavaScript code [3](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window). By attaching properties to the `window` object, you can create globally accessible variables or namespaces that can be used throughout your codebase.

Here's how you can use `window.myApp`:

1. **Defining Global Variables**: You can define global variables by assigning properties to the `window` object. These variables can then be accessed from anywhere in your JavaScript code.

```
window.myGlobalVar = "Hello, World!";
```

1. **Creating Namespaces**: You can create a namespace by defining an object on the `window` object. This is useful for organizing related functionality and avoiding naming conflicts.

```
window.myNamespace = {
    myFunction: function() {
        // Do something
    },
    myVariable: "Some Value"
};
```

1. **Accessing Global Variables**: Once defined, you can access these global variables from any script included in your page.

```
console.log(window.myGlobalVar); // Outputs: "Hello, World!"
```

In the case of your Laravel application, `window.myApp` is being used to store a URL generated by Laravel's routing system. This URL is then used in your AJAX call within the external JavaScript file. By storing this URL in `window.myApp`, you can easily access it without having to include the Blade syntax in your external JavaScript file, which wouldn't be processed correctly [3](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window).

Remember that while using global variables can be convenient, overuse can lead to naming conflicts and harder-to-maintain code. It's generally recommended to limit the use of global variables and instead encapsulate related functionality within modules or classes.